This is really neat.
When do we eat?
First we have to catch some fish.
In order to catch fish.
We have to do this.
Here we go.
That's it.
Then drop it into the water.
All of this comes before eating.
How do you know so much about fishing?
Grandpa taught me.
We spent a lot of time fishing together.
Now, the important thing is to get the hook.
Close to the fish.
All right?
Like this.
I think I see some fish right under us, dad.
Oh, not a chance.
I just saw a big one.
Hi there.
Hi.
What's your name?
Albert.
Are you all alone?
Yes, sir.
Holy, Albert.
I'm 10.
Where's your father?
He's up there to watch.
Did he know you're here?
Yes, sir.
Okay, Robbie, maybe you should watch him.
The water's pretty deep here.
I'll watch him, dad.
What time is it?
It's almost lunchtime.
But no fish yet.
I can go up to lunch for some hot dogs and drinks.
No way.
We're here to catch our lunch.
To catch fish, you need to write magic.
That's right.
I forgot.
They're right magic.
They do it for all of you, dad.
You remember?
Sure.
About first.
You have to turn your hat around like this.
Then you close your eyes and say the magic words.
Fish, fish, fish, send me a fish.
Fish, fish, send me a fish.
I got one.
So here it works.
It's a big one.
It'll always work for me, too.
Cravo, get the nap, please.
Oh, look.
Dad, you got one, too.
You bet I have.
Easy, fella.
Easy.
Sorry, dad.
About one more and I've got a pair of boots.
He didn't say the magic words.
Bobby's right.
He asked what you did and we've got our lunch.
A spell of fire cooking.
Come on, Albert.
You can help us.
I want to see here in fish.
All right.
Let's be careful.
Is it finished yet?
I think so.
I hope you like your fish.
Well done.
Burn, you mean.
Hey, I'm a doctor.
Not a chef.
I'm a doctor.
I'm a chef.
How?
Help.
I can't swim.
Dad, Grandpa, he fell in.
I don't think about it.
I don't think it's not breathing.
I look, uh, Robbie, run to the car.
Uh, bring those little black into my medical bag.
Yes, Dad.
Now, how come on, son?
Come on, son.
Okay.
That's a good one.
Yeah.
I don't think about it.
Come on, son.
Okay.
Breathe out again.